yo what's poppin y'all welcome back to
another always Wi-Fi batter if you alter
high for this battery back to the thumbs
up and comment what you like your
favorite like you you are you Pokemon it
you guys like using when you like
competitive battling because honestly I
don't know I fuck a lot of Pokemon are
you legit got a lot better like they
bumped up a lot of are you threats to
you you and now I'm just sitting here
like yo this is this is fiery oh but
anyway though this is another mix by
five battle um vs my meds are no this is
one of my livestreams and of course if
you all you all like Miss like the
funniest shit on my life seems like the
like you all remember the hot I thought
I looked like my cousin rapping I was
alone I last year you all missed that
and you all seem to enjoy that shit to
God I solid like some comments on that
video I was like damn ok but anyway
though um this is a little wifie better
his team is intimidating as fuzzy to sit
here and just look at how hyper
offensive my team is compared to like
his bulky like balanced team and I'm
just like yo this is gonna be really
really really really solid but they
actually didn't end up being like that
access to be honest Jax end up being a
little bit decent but I Superman's hit
more than Hitler tow it out here because
you know what I he's not him until I was
sitting myself I was praying that he
didn't go for life for like um for his
smeargle because Merkel capably sleep
and I could've just been sitting here
like this is gonna be a lame ass um
battle because he could just bore me to
death and I'm just okay cool this needs
to happen right now I'm instead of my
rocks because rocks are going to be good
for his breaking his smeargle SAS and
basically just lowering down his time I
plan which is a humongous threat and I
do actually go for the scar right here
cuz I to me I thought to myself you know
he was probably talent to the crustal
thinking I'm gonna go for the stuff Fox
Nicki no se exchange his drugs but he
has the weakness policy on the crustal
so I think in his mind I was gonna he's
gonna live usually get the UH the thing
activated by actually didn't predict the
burn this he thought he was gonna live
it but I ends up I under going for the
Skull and I'll speed this thing so kind
of the matter
he did lose this like opening lead one
I'm just like yeah this thing is gonna
go down I'm sorry I didn't mean to get
the burn this how the game works to be
honest with you but if anything is fine
I'm basically though he says I his
miracle finally and this miracle
honestly is probably my least favorite
mod and here comes the fact that he
actually did not go for the sport he
went for the South smash you already
know what's gonna happen with that you
know he's gonna be time passed out into
somebody so I was liking myself wait a
moment he's gonna do that I didn't go
for my rocks because if he's gonna do
that I just need to make sure that
whatever he says out into gets attacked
right away so I was like okay hope I can
get a burn off that'd be fine if I can
you know saying get anything off along
with the stuff for examines I'll be
decent you're not be good I went for the
knock off right here and he answers out
his young son I saw he braces study
coming in which is fine but now he's a
humongous force to be reckoned with
because now he has the self smashed um
boost and I legit knocked off a berry
lancer berry on OS is supposed to do but
let me know the comments below but he
goes for the brick breaking as you can
see my wall it wasn't it wasn't enough
you know Zen it was not enough but I met
I met at myself because I love myself
you know I think ahead you'd be like yo
dis song is to go down I said I actually
went for like a better attack but he
goes for the brick breaker just gonna
end up killing the hypnotoad
unfortunately and as you can see that's
just gonna be GG for the end so think
about selling interesting to come in I
need to kill this fucking thing that you
all ready to kill this thing I need to
kill this thing but he out speeds me
apparently because I'm a choice scarf
who knows in I don't know how how the
hell that down on how the hell that
works I don't know if I am if I switched
my items but a free-for-all diggersby
but I was supposed to choice scarf and
I'm thinking myself I'm probably life or
the pursuer for the quick attack just to
be safe but it's fine though I do come
out my Hans Kringle for the sucker punch
is gonna kill the sock and then activate
my moxie so I'm fun I'm good right here
i got my
tack up it up said i'm good i had
endoscopy his entire team I'm fine but
that's until the tongue of flame comes
out and I'm just like I just need to do
a big humongous dad is dead to his team
and I'm digging myself I don't know if
this is little much damage should but
ends up knocking at the diamond attend
of course with that amount of HP so
that's what stuff rocks which is good
but totally fine and you can see I get
my almighty powerful times for I think
multi does times for right times for
damage to this Hans crow here comes time
to play me right know-how telephone it's
gonna wreck monster he's gonna go for
the earth gray bird and I'm just gonna
lose this harsh go because Hans clothes
lame but if anything it made it a lot
better for this team to go down because
the town flavors really hyper offenses
so kinda doesn't matter what happens
sandy Pokemon haze in as long as his HP
goes down I'm fine because I do have
more pokemon in the back ceilings
especially PK starstorm so i'm chillin
right now because of the brave but again
I guess thinking that I wasn't gonna
like live that but I mean I possess
gonna be like really nigger like I'm not
like naked like really nigga and that's
good it doesn't really matter this gooey
legit does not matter because there's a
lot of HP so of course Tyler's gonna go
down which is totally fun it's not as a
mother stretch out of the way his socks
gone down there his entire team is gone
and here comes the azuma Zoomer right
now I was thinking to myself does he
really want to hit me we're gonna think
there's nothing is he saw the gooey and
the GUI really shouldn't matter you
phone me but of course and I'm saying he
does Aquajet me I guess thinking I was I
don't know what he was trying to do it
after your honors I would went for the
player to kill me all permanently but as
you can see he doesn't go for that he
goes for the awkward day when she does
get the GUI off which I'm anything was
bending over team anyway but it's fine
though because now I have him basically
down with near lower because he goes for
another Aquajet he's probably choice
banded to be honest with you but he's
still gooey down so he can't redo
anything to me as far as a staff player
of goes cuz i have me damn near out
speeds like I speed this fucking thing
with my entire team and plus is like
things down a little health anyway so
I'm good on
at Circus my red river lon and of course
rebel outcomes here just to do the eyes
do get the job Drago for my sleep powder
right here and of course he go he you
know say he just go sleep I nice and
asleep right now and of course he
actually thought was my wish it weren't
for the Aquajet and okay just make sure
I didn't go to sleep not gain damage off
of me but that's not the case at all
unfortunately it for his for sourcing on
his side and at this point I'm taking my
cell I need to like legit just set up
real quick go for the quicker code up go
for the quiver dance and be happy you
know via me and just go for like a
hurricane or something I've adhesive and
this is what happened this is this is
what happens and I think this is where
in the battle I'm like whatever but he
decides to wake up before the Aquajet
which is totally fine i was totally if I
was still be fine and you can see
there's a little bit of damage to me but
of course he avoids the hurricane and
I'm sitting here like come on hurricane
really why do you miss the girls down
with why why did you miss you know I was
like come on out with some 2015 can you
not miss and of course and of course I'm
don't miss the second time which is
totally fine which is great and I Zuma's
gonna go down that's fine too and of
course the last pokemon coming in it's
going to be his smeargle cuz no he kept
at that hidden child in the background I
thought was I would let this out a
sentencing off a long time ago but it
wasn't the case at all as you can see
and I'm just going for the buck bus got
any one hurricane to missing him put me
to sleep or doing anything I could
possibly kill me so I just over the bug
Busters in any game right here so that
being said they got so much for watching
GG arnold and i hope everybody enjoyed
this video if you guys did I said to
beginning the video a thumbs up and have
a nice day buddy